morning bill morning Frank hello
everyone and welcome to the 2015
barrett-jackson auction here we have a
2005 Hummer yes it's completely original
everything is the same it's been
repulsed turd on the inside though with
leather interior notice how the price
keeps going up and there it's sold let's
go down to Bob to interview the winner
hello sir what is your name Kurt well
Kurt are you glad the about this 2005
farmer I sure AM so what do you plan to
do with it I mean no one drives these
things anymore it's a very classic
vehicle what are you going to do to
throw some D's on that what's there to
watch tonight I guess I'm watch
cloverfield alrighty
my fellow Americans it has come to my
attention that I should be fully honest
with you about the truth about Iraq upon
hearing a long time ago that if you drop
a penny off of the Eiffel Tower that it
could kill somebody I have decided that
all the money that you've been sending
to help support our troops should be
dropped by our planes on to enemy
territories and that is where all the
money is going now remember you're a
Jehovah's Witness you do not take no for
an answer all right not not not a wrong
house there you are clever girl aah hey
guys how you doing this morning hey yeah
yeah oh oh oh yeah I showed you I look
look guys look we got another neighbor
hahaha oh boy that's not a good sign
hello this is OnStar we've received
information you're in a wreck are you
okay what are you okay what are you okay
what are you okay yeah okay we're
sending help okay now that don't kill me
can only make me stronger I need you to
hurry up now because I can't wait much
longer I know I've got to be right now
because I can't get much longer man I've
been waitin all night now that's how
long I've been on ya how'd it sound guys
well hold on a second mr. West we're
just going to adjust a few things and
here's a little sound like
that's how long we got a hit